[doc] Add package install command for CentOS 7 (#4897)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/ug/install_instructions/index.md

### Install required software

A number of software packages from the distribution's package manager is required.
On Ubuntu 18.04, the required packages can be installed with the following command.

{{< pkgmgr_cmd "apt" >}}

> For CentOS 7, some more packages are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7 and derivatives (such as CentOS 7) the following packages are required.
```
